[Music]
Sam for to the chief
musician with strained instruments a
psalm of David hear me when I call God
of my righteousness you have relieved me
in my distress have mercy on me and hear
my prayer how long oh you sons of men
will you turn my glory to shame how long
will you love worthlessness and seek
falsehood but know that the Lord has set
apart for himself him who is godly the
Lord will hear when I call to him be
angry and do not sin meditate within
your heart on your bed and be still
offer the sacrifices of righteousness
and put your trust in the Lord there are
many who say who will show us any good
Lord lift up the light of your
countenance upon us you have put
gladness in my heart more than in the
season that their grain and wine
increased I will both lie down in peace
and sleep for you alone Lord make me
dwell in safety